CPLAT-12081 Readme Improvements (#487)
Workiva/over_react: doc/props_mixin_component_composition.md

# Composing Props Mixins Into A Single Component Props API

In our core `UiProps` documentation, the pattern of [composing multiple props mixins into a single component props API](../README.md#with-other-mixins) is introduced.

This example builds on that, showing a lightweight example a common use-case for such composition. 

We'll show two components 

1. A `Bar` component that has its own props API - and default rendering behavior when rendered standalone.

> 2. A `FooBar` component that has its own props API in addition to the `Bar` props API that it will use to allow consumers to compose `Bar` with `FooBar` by forwarding props from `BarPropsMixin` to the `Bar` component it renders.

Reviewer: Run-on sentence
```suggestion
2. A `FooBar` component that has its own props API, in addition to the `Bar` props API. This allows consumers to set props declared in `BarPropsMixin`, which will be forwarded to to the `Bar` component it renders.
```

### Bar Component
```dart

> import 'package:over_react/over_react.dart';
> 
> UiFactory<BarPropsMixin> Bar = _$Bar;

Reviewer: Missing part and ignore comment
```suggestion
import 'package:over_react/over_react.dart';

part 'bar.over_react.g.dart';

UiFactory<BarPropsMixin> Bar = _$Bar; // ignore: undefined_identifier
```

mixin BarPropsMixin on UiProps {
  Set<int> qux;
}

class BarComponent extends UiComponent2<BarPropsMixin> {
  @override
  get defaultProps => (newProps()
    ..qux = {1, 2, 3}
  );

  @override
  render() {
    return (Dom.div()
      ..modifyProps(addUnconsumedDomProps)
      ..className = (forwardingClassNameBuilder()..add('bar'))
    )(
      'Qux: ', 
      props.qux.map((n) => n),
      props.children,
    );
  }
}
```

__Which, when rendered on its own - produces the following HTML:__

```html
<div class="bar">Qux: 123</div>
```

### Composing Bar using the FooBar component

To compose the `Bar` component using `FooBar`, we'll expose the prop API for both the `BarPropsMixin` and the `FooPropsMixin` like so:
```dart
import 'package:over_react/over_react.dart';
import 'bar.dart';

> UiFactory<FooBarProps> FooBar = _$FooBar;

Reviewer: Missing part and ignore comment
```suggestion
part 'foo_bar.over_react.g.dart';

UiFactory<FooBarProps> FooBar = _$FooBar; // ignore: undefined_identifier
```
